README.md, before:

# TheGridHub

**The Modern Task Management Platform for Growing Teams**

TheGridHub is a comprehensive productivity platform that helps teams organize projects, track progress, and achieve their goals. With intelligent features, enterprise-grade integrations, and a beautiful interface, TheGridHub makes team collaboration effortless.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🎯 **Smart Task Management**
- Intuitive task creation and organization
- Progress tracking with visual indicators
- Priority management and deadline tracking
- Custom project workflows

### 🤖 **AI-Powered Insights**
- Intelligent task suggestions
- Project progress analysis
- Productivity recommendations
- Automated scheduling assistance

### 🔗 **Enterprise Integrations**
- **Microsoft Office 365** - Teams notifications, Outlook calendar sync, OneDrive file management, Power Automate workflows
- **Google Workspace** - Gmail task emails, Calendar events, Drive exports, Meet scheduling, Tasks sync
- **Slack** - Rich channel notifications, `/thegridhub` slash commands, workflow automation, direct messaging
- **Jira** - Bidirectional task/issue sync, agile board integration, sprint velocity tracking, burndown charts
- **40+ other integrations** - CRM systems, development tools, design platforms, and more

### 📊 **Advanced Analytics**
- Real-time performance metrics
- Team productivity dashboards
- Project completion tracking
- Goal achievement monitoring

### 🌍 **Global Ready**
- Multi-currency support (20+ currencies)
- Automatic location detection
- Real-time exchange rates
- Localized user experience

## 💰 Flexible Pricing

### Free Plan
- Up to 10 team members
- 5 projects maximum
- 100 tasks per month  
- Basic analytics
- Core integrations

### Paid Plans - $5/user/month
**60% cheaper than Asana ($10.99), Monday.com ($8+), ClickUp ($7+)!**
- Unlimited projects and tasks
- Advanced analytics and reporting
- **Full enterprise integrations suite:**
  - **Microsoft Office 365** - Teams, Outlook, Calendar, OneDrive, Power Automate
  - **Google Workspace** - Gmail, Drive, Calendar, Meet, Tasks synchronization  
  - **Slack** - Rich notifications, slash commands, workflow automation
  - **Jira** - Bidirectional sync, agile boards, sprint management, velocity tracking
- AI-powered insights and automation
- Advanced team management and role-based permissions
- Custom workflows and templates
- Priority support and training

### Enterprise Plans
- Volume discounts for 100+ users
- Single Sign-On (SSO) and advanced security
- Custom integrations and API access
- Dedicated customer success manager
- On-premise deployment options
- 99.9% SLA with 24/7 support

## 🚀 Get Started

### Quick Deploy (Recommended)

```bash
# 1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/thegridhub.git
cd thegridhub

# 2. Install dependencies
npm install

# 3. Run quick start script
npm run quick-start
```

The quick start script will guide you through:
- Setting up Supabase database (free)
- Deploying to Vercel (free)
- Configuring authentication

### Manual Setup

1. **Create Supabase Project**
   - Go to [supabase.com](https://supabase.com)
   - Create new project
   - Copy database URL

2. **Configure Environment**
   - Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local`
   - Add your Supabase and Clerk keys

3. **Deploy to Vercel**
   ```bash
   npm install -g vercel
   vercel
   ```

4. **Set Environment Variables**
   - Add all variables from `.env.local` to Vercel dashboard

### Development

```bash
# Run locally
npm run dev

# Open Prisma Studio
npm run db:studio
```

## 🌟 Why Choose TheGridHub?

### **Built for Modern Teams**
- Clean, intuitive interface that your team will love
- Mobile-responsive design for work on the go
- Real-time collaboration and updates
- Enterprise-grade security and reliability

### **Enterprise-Grade Integrations**
- **Microsoft Teams & Office 365** - Adaptive card notifications, calendar sync, OneDrive file management, Power Automate workflows
- **Google Workspace** - Professional task emails via Gmail, calendar event creation, Drive exports, Meet scheduling
- **Slack** - Rich channel notifications, `/thegridhub` slash commands, direct task assignments, workflow triggers
- **Jira** - Create issues from tasks, sync status changes, agile board integration, velocity and burndown reporting
- **40+ other tools** - Comprehensive ecosystem connecting your entire tech stack

### **Built for Enterprise**
- Scales from startups to Fortune 500 companies
- Enterprise-grade security and compliance (SOC 2, GDPR)
- Advanced analytics and custom reporting
- Global currency support and multi-language interface
- Dedicated customer success and 24/7 support

## 🎯 Perfect for Any Team

### **Startups & Small Teams**
- **Free for up to 10 team members** - 10x more generous than most competitors
- **Simple $5/user/month** scaling - 60% cheaper than alternatives
- **No technical setup required** - Enterprise integrations work out of the box
- **Essential integrations included** from day one (Slack, Office 365, Google)

### **Growing Businesses**  
- **Full enterprise integration suite** - Office 365, Google Workspace, Slack, Jira at $5/user
- **Advanced team management** with granular role-based permissions and team hierarchies
- **Custom workflows and automation** - Connect tasks across all your tools seamlessly
- **Comprehensive analytics** - Cross-platform reporting and productivity insights

### **Enterprise Organizations**
- **Volume discounts** starting at 100+ users with enterprise billing options
- **Custom integrations** and full API access for proprietary tools
- **SOC 2 Type II compliance** with advanced security controls and audit trails
- **Dedicated customer success manager** and priority technical support
- **On-premise deployment** options with air-gapped security configurations

## 🔒 Enterprise Security

- **SOC 2 Type II Compliant**
- **End-to-end encryption**
- **SSO integration** (Google, Microsoft, SAML)
- **Advanced permission controls**
- **Regular security audits**
- **99.9% uptime guarantee**

## 📞 Get In Touch

### **Sales & Enterprise**
- 📧 **Email:** sales@thegridhub.co
- 📞 **Phone:** 1-800-GRIDHUB
- 💬 **Schedule a Demo:** [thegridhub.co/demo](https://thegridhub.co/demo)

### **Support & Help**
- 💬 **Live Chat:** Available 24/7 in-app
- 📚 **Help Center:** [help.thegridhub.co](https://help.thegridhub.co)
- 🎥 **Video Tutorials:** [thegridhub.co/tutorials](https://thegridhub.co/tutorials)

### **Community**
- 🐦 **Twitter:** [@TheGridHubApp](https://twitter.com/TheGridHubApp)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [TheGridHub Company](https://linkedin.com/company/thegridhub)
- 📖 **Blog:** [blog.thegridhub.co](https://blog.thegridhub.co)

---

## 🚀 Ready to Boost Your Team's Productivity?

**Start your free trial today - no credit card required!**

[**🎯 Get Started Free**](https://thegridhub.co/sign-up) | [**📅 Schedule Demo**](https://thegridhub.co/demo) | [**💰 View Pricing**](https://thegridhub.co/pricing)

---

*TheGridHub - Where productivity meets simplicity*

**🌍 Trusted by teams worldwide • 🔗 Enterprise integrations • 📊 Data-driven insights • 🔒 SOC 2 compliant**

Commit message:

feat: add Vercel Analytics to root layout; admin Feature Flags UI; dev a11y checks with axe-core; optional bundle analyzer
- Root: render <Analytics /> for usage metrics
- Admin: new /admin/flags page with toggles + create/update via /api/admin/flags
- Dev: lightweight DevA11y that loads axe-core from CDN only in development
- Build: optional @next/bundle-analyzer support behind ANALYZE flag
- Fix: remove 'use server' from observability util to avoid Server Actions constraint
- Docs: README section for dev tooling (analytics, a11y, bundle analysis)
- Types: ambient module declaration for @vercel/analytics/react

README.md, after:

# TheGridHub

**The Modern Task Management Platform for Growing Teams**

TheGridHub is a comprehensive productivity platform that helps teams organize projects, track progress, and achieve their goals. With intelligent features, enterprise-grade integrations, and a beautiful interface, TheGridHub makes team collaboration effortless.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🎯 **Smart Task Management**
- Intuitive task creation and organization
- Progress tracking with visual indicators
- Priority management and deadline tracking
- Custom project workflows

### 🤖 **AI-Powered Insights**
- Intelligent task suggestions
- Project progress analysis
- Productivity recommendations
- Automated scheduling assistance

### 🔗 **Enterprise Integrations**
- **Microsoft Office 365** - Teams notifications, Outlook calendar sync, OneDrive file management, Power Automate workflows
- **Google Workspace** - Gmail task emails, Calendar events, Drive exports, Meet scheduling, Tasks sync
- **Slack** - Rich channel notifications, `/thegridhub` slash commands, workflow automation, direct messaging
- **Jira** - Bidirectional task/issue sync, agile board integration, sprint velocity tracking, burndown charts
- **40+ other integrations** - CRM systems, development tools, design platforms, and more

### 📊 **Advanced Analytics**
- Real-time performance metrics
- Team productivity dashboards
- Project completion tracking
- Goal achievement monitoring

### 🌍 **Global Ready**
- Multi-currency support (20+ currencies)
- Automatic location detection
- Real-time exchange rates
- Localized user experience

## 💰 Flexible Pricing

### Free Plan
- Up to 10 team members
- 5 projects maximum
- 100 tasks per month  
- Basic analytics
- Core integrations

### Paid Plans - $5/user/month
**60% cheaper than Asana ($10.99), Monday.com ($8+), ClickUp ($7+)!**
- Unlimited projects and tasks
- Advanced analytics and reporting
- **Full enterprise integrations suite:**
  - **Microsoft Office 365** - Teams, Outlook, Calendar, OneDrive, Power Automate
  - **Google Workspace** - Gmail, Drive, Calendar, Meet, Tasks synchronization  
  - **Slack** - Rich notifications, slash commands, workflow automation
  - **Jira** - Bidirectional sync, agile boards, sprint management, velocity tracking
- AI-powered insights and automation
- Advanced team management and role-based permissions
- Custom workflows and templates
- Priority support and training

### Enterprise Plans
- Volume discounts for 100+ users
- Single Sign-On (SSO) and advanced security
- Custom integrations and API access
- Dedicated customer success manager
- On-premise deployment options
- 99.9% SLA with 24/7 support

## 🚀 Get Started

### Quick Deploy (Recommended)

```bash
# 1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/thegridhub.git
cd thegridhub

# 2. Install dependencies
npm install

# 3. Run quick start script
npm run quick-start
```

The quick start script will guide you through:
- Setting up Supabase database (free)
- Deploying to Vercel (free)
- Configuring authentication

### Manual Setup

1. **Create Supabase Project**
   - Go to [supabase.com](https://supabase.com)
   - Create new project
   - Copy database URL

2. **Configure Environment**
   - Copy `.env.example` to `.env.local`
   - Add your Supabase and Clerk keys

3. **Deploy to Vercel**
   ```bash
   npm install -g vercel
   vercel
   ```

4. **Set Environment Variables**
   - Add all variables from `.env.local` to Vercel dashboard

### Development

```bash
# Run locally
npm run dev

# Open Prisma Studio
npm run db:studio
```

#### Developer Tooling
- Vercel Analytics: enabled via <Analytics /> in the root layout (production-safe).
- Accessibility (dev only): axe-core is loaded from CDN in development and logs violations to the console. See components/dev/DevA11y.tsx.
- Bundle analysis (optional): set ANALYZE=true for the build and install @next/bundle-analyzer to enable. Example:
  ```bash
  npm i -D @next/bundle-analyzer
  ANALYZE=true npm run build
  ```

## 🌟 Why Choose TheGridHub?

### **Built for Modern Teams**
- Clean, intuitive interface that your team will love
- Mobile-responsive design for work on the go
- Real-time collaboration and updates
- Enterprise-grade security and reliability

### **Enterprise-Grade Integrations**
- **Microsoft Teams & Office 365** - Adaptive card notifications, calendar sync, OneDrive file management, Power Automate workflows
- **Google Workspace** - Professional task emails via Gmail, calendar event creation, Drive exports, Meet scheduling
- **Slack** - Rich channel notifications, `/thegridhub` slash commands, direct task assignments, workflow triggers
- **Jira** - Create issues from tasks, sync status changes, agile board integration, velocity and burndown reporting
- **40+ other tools** - Comprehensive ecosystem connecting your entire tech stack

### **Built for Enterprise**
- Scales from startups to Fortune 500 companies
- Enterprise-grade security and compliance (SOC 2, GDPR)
- Advanced analytics and custom reporting
- Global currency support and multi-language interface
- Dedicated customer success and 24/7 support

## 🎯 Perfect for Any Team

### **Startups & Small Teams**
- **Free for up to 10 team members** - 10x more generous than most competitors
- **Simple $5/user/month** scaling - 60% cheaper than alternatives
- **No technical setup required** - Enterprise integrations work out of the box
- **Essential integrations included** from day one (Slack, Office 365, Google)

### **Growing Businesses**  
- **Full enterprise integration suite** - Office 365, Google Workspace, Slack, Jira at $5/user
- **Advanced team management** with granular role-based permissions and team hierarchies
- **Custom workflows and automation** - Connect tasks across all your tools seamlessly
- **Comprehensive analytics** - Cross-platform reporting and productivity insights

### **Enterprise Organizations**
- **Volume discounts** starting at 100+ users with enterprise billing options
- **Custom integrations** and full API access for proprietary tools
- **SOC 2 Type II compliance** with advanced security controls and audit trails
- **Dedicated customer success manager** and priority technical support
- **On-premise deployment** options with air-gapped security configurations

## 🔒 Enterprise Security

- **SOC 2 Type II Compliant**
- **End-to-end encryption**
- **SSO integration** (Google, Microsoft, SAML)
- **Advanced permission controls**
- **Regular security audits**
- **99.9% uptime guarantee**

## 📞 Get In Touch

### **Sales & Enterprise**
- 📧 **Email:** sales@thegridhub.co
- 📞 **Phone:** 1-800-GRIDHUB
- 💬 **Schedule a Demo:** [thegridhub.co/demo](https://thegridhub.co/demo)

### **Support & Help**
- 💬 **Live Chat:** Available 24/7 in-app
- 📚 **Help Center:** [help.thegridhub.co](https://help.thegridhub.co)
- 🎥 **Video Tutorials:** [thegridhub.co/tutorials](https://thegridhub.co/tutorials)

### **Community**
- 🐦 **Twitter:** [@TheGridHubApp](https://twitter.com/TheGridHubApp)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [TheGridHub Company](https://linkedin.com/company/thegridhub)
- 📖 **Blog:** [blog.thegridhub.co](https://blog.thegridhub.co)

---

## 🚀 Ready to Boost Your Team's Productivity?

**Start your free trial today - no credit card required!**

[**🎯 Get Started Free**](https://thegridhub.co/sign-up) | [**📅 Schedule Demo**](https://thegridhub.co/demo) | [**💰 View Pricing**](https://thegridhub.co/pricing)

---

*TheGridHub - Where productivity meets simplicity*

**🌍 Trusted by teams worldwide • 🔗 Enterprise integrations • 📊 Data-driven insights • 🔒 SOC 2 compliant**
